Add documentation for choreo-insights-api (#258)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/insights/choreo-insights-api.md

<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getSuccessSummary</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#successsummary">SuccessSummary</a></td>
<td>

Returns the number of successful (2xx response code) hit count for each time granularity within the specified time
range for the given combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID. Optionally, you can configure the
<code>granularity</code> parameter to override the default granularity value.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">filter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">granularity</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

Granularity value

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getErrorSummary</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errorsummary">ErrorSummary</a></td>
<td>

> Returns the number of unsuccessful (total of both 4xx and 5xx response codes) hit count for each time granularity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the number of unsuccessful hits (total of both 4xx and 5xx response codes) for each time granularity.
```

Reviewer: Have the response code numbers in code format. This applies to all places.

within the specified time range for the given combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID.
Optionally, you can configure the <code>granularity</code> parameter to override the default granularity value.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">filter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">granularity</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

Granularity value

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getErrorsByCategory</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errorsbycategory">ErrorsByCategory</a></td>
<td>

> Returns the number of proxy errors (total of both 4xx and 5xx response codes) hit count by each error category for

Reviewer: Shall we remove the word "hit count"?

<td valign="top"><a href="#alertsummaryfilter">AlertSummaryFilter</a></td>
<td>

Alert summary filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getSuccessAPIsUsageByApplications</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#successapiusagebyapplication">SuccessAPIUsageByApplication</a>]</td>
<td>

NOTE: This operations can only be invoked via using an on-prem key as the authentication header.

Returns a list of successful hit counts (i.e., 2xx response codes) within the specified time range for each API,
grouped by each application. Optionally, you can configure the <code>successAPIUsageByAppFilter</code> parameter to further
filter the results.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">successAPIUsageByAppFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#successapiusagebyappfilter">SuccessAPIUsageByAppFilter</a></td>
<td>

> Success API usage by APP filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Successful API usage by application filter.
```

<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

The results are filtered for the list of APIs you specify here. A maximum of five API IDs can be defined.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorCountByStatusCodeFilter

Filters errors by status code results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The results are filtered by the API ID specified here.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>errorType</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errortype">ErrorType</a>!</td>
<td>

The type of the error. It is required to specify a value for this parameter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>errorCodeType</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errorcodetype">ErrorCodeType</a></td>
<td>

Error code type. If this field is not provided, result set will include both client related error response codes

> (401, 404, etc.) and server related error response codes.

Reviewer: Have the response code numbers in code format.

<td>

Returns a list of hit counts for proxy and target errors for each time granularity within the specified time range
for the given combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID. The errors in each proxy and target
result set are grouped as <code>4xx</code>, <code>5xx</code>, and <code>total</code>. Optionally, you can configure the <code>errorsByStatusCodeFilter</code>
parameter to further filter the results.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">errorsByStatusCodeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errorsbystatuscodefilter">ErrorsByStatusCodeFilter</a></td>
<td>

Errors by status code filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getErrorsByStatusCode</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errorsbystatuscode">ErrorsByStatusCode</a></td>
<td>

> Returns the hit count for each error response code (401, 404, and 500 etc.,) for each API within the specified time

Reviewer: Have the response code numbers in code format.

<td valign="top">[<a href="#useragent">UserAgent</a>]</td>
<td>

Returns a list of top user agents ranked based on the hit count within the specified time range for the given
combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID. The result list includes the top nine user agents
with the respective hit count, and all the rest of the platforms are labelled as **Other** with the cumulated hit
count. Optionally, you can configure the <code>deviceFilter</code> parameter to further filter the results.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">deviceFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#devicefilter">DeviceFilter</a></td>
<td>

Device filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getAPIUsageByGeoLocation</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#apiusagebygeolocation">APIUsageByGeoLocation</a></td>
<td>

> NOTE: The data required for this operation is not yet collected in the database. Hence, this operation will return

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The data required for this operation is not yet collected in the database. Therefore, this operation returns
empty results.
```

<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getAlertSummary</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#alertsummaries">AlertSummaries</a></td>
<td>

Returns a summary for each alert within the specified time range for the given combination of tenant ID,
environment ID, and organization ID. Optionally, you can configure the <code>alertSummaryFilter</code> parameter to further
filter the results.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">alertSummaryFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#alertsummaryfilter">AlertSummaryFilter</a></td>
<td>

Alert summary filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getSuccessAPIsUsageByApplications</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#successapiusagebyapplication">SuccessAPIUsageByApplication</a>]</td>
<td>

> NOTE: This operations can only be invoked via using an on-prem key as the authentication header.

Reviewer: Change "This" to "These"

<td>

The API provider name.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APILatency

Represents latency values for a single API over time.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>summary</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#latency">Latency</a>]</td>
<td>

A list containing latency category values over time. Returns an empty array if no data is available.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The granularity value for which data is retrieved.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsage

Represents the API usage for a single timestamp. The timestamp is calculated based on the granularity value provided.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>timeSpan</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Represents a timestamp value that is calculated based on the specified granularity value. For example, granularity

Reviewer: Change "For example, granularity value is..." to "For example, if the granularity value is..." Check all the places that use this phrase.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#apiusagebybackend">APIUsageByBackend</a>]</td>
<td>

A list containing the API usage values across APIs by each backend. Returns an empty array if no data is available.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The granularity value for which data is retrieved.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsageByGeoLocation

Represents a single API usage across different countries.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a></td>
<td>

The ID of the API.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usageByGeoLocation</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#usagebygeolocation">UsageByGeoLocation</a>]</td>
<td>

> A List containing usages of API in different countries. Returns an empty array if no data is available.

Reviewer: Change "List" to "list"

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsageOverTime

Represents a single API usage over time.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a></td>
<td>

The ID of the API.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#apiusage">APIUsage</a>]</td>
<td>

A list containing the API usage values. Returns an empty array if no data is available.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The granularity value for which data is retrieved.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### AlertSummaries

Represents alert summaries.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#alertsummary">AlertSummary</a>]</td>
<td>

> A list containing alert summary for each alert. Returns an empty array if no data is available.

Reviewer: Add "the" before "alert summary".

<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#errordetails">ErrorDetails</a>]!</td>
<td>

A list containing error details over time. Returns an empty array if no data is available.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>pagination</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#pagination">Pagination</a>!</td>
<td>

Pagination details.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Environment

Represents an environment.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>id</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The environment ID.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>name</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The environment name.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>type</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> The environment type. A Choreo environment is labelled as <code>CHOREO</code>, and the on premise environment is labelled as

Reviewer: Change "on premise" to "on-premise".

for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can specify are <code>1m</code>, <code>15m</code>, <code>1h</code>,
<code>1d</code>, and <code>7d</code>.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### AlertSummaryFilter

Filters the alerts summary results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>paginationFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#paginationfilter">PaginationFilter</a></td>
<td>

The pagination filter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>searchFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#searchfilter">SearchFilter</a></td>
<td>

The search filter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

The results are filtered for the list of APIs you specify here. A maximum of five API IDs can be defined.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>category</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Alert category where the results needs to be filtered with. Category needs to be one the <code>TRAFFIC</code>, <code>LATENCY</code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The alert category by which the results need to be filtered. The available categories to select are <code>TRAFFIC</code> and <code>LATENCY</code>.
```

<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

The results are filtered for the list of APIs you specify here. A maximum of five API IDs can be defined.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### CacheFilter

Filters response cache results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The results are filtered by the API ID specified here.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. If the granularity value is not set, the default granularity
for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can specify are <code>1m</code>, <code>15m</code>, <code>1h</code>,
<code>1d</code>, and <code>7d</code>.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### DataFilter

> Filters results by organization, environment and tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters results for the given combination of organization, environment, and tenant.
```

> Filters results for the given combination of organization, environment, and tenant.

Reviewer: Replace "for" with "by".

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>orgId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The organization by which the results need to be filtered. It is required to specify a value for this parameter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>environmentId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Environment ID where the results needs to be filtered with. It is required to specify a value for this parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment ID by which the results need to be filtered. It is required to specify a value for this parameter.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

The results are filtered for the list of APIs you specify here. A maximum of five API IDs can be defined.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorCountByStatusCodeFilter

Filters errors by status code results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The results are filtered by the API ID specified here.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>errorType</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errortype">ErrorType</a>!</td>
<td>

The type of the error. It is required to specify a value for this parameter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>errorCodeType</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errorcodetype">ErrorCodeType</a></td>
<td>

> Error code type. If this field is not provided, result set will include both client related error response codes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error code type. If this parameter is not configured, both client-related error response codes and server-related response codes are included in the result set.
```

<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>category</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The error category by which the results need to be filtered. The error category that you can specify here must be
one of the <code>AUTH</code> <code>TARGET_CONNECTIVITY</code>, <code>THROTTLED</code>, and <code>OTHER</code> values.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. If the granularity value is not set, the default granularity
for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can specify are <code>1m</code>, <code>15m</code>, <code>1h</code>,
<code>1d</code>, and <code>7d</code>.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>paginationFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#paginationfilter">PaginationFilter</a></td>
<td>

The pagination filter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>searchFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#searchfilter">SearchFilter</a></td>
<td>

The search filter.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### GeoLocationFilter

> Filters the The search filter. This is an optional pAPI usage by geolocation results.

Reviewer: This sentence has errors.

The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. If the granularity value is not set, the default granularity
for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can specify are <code>1m</code>, <code>15m</code>, <code>1h</code>,
<code>1d</code>, and <code>7d</code>.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### LatencySummaryFilter

Filters latency summary results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The results are filtered by the API ID specified here.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. If the granularity value is not set, the default granularity
for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can specify are <code>1m</code>, <code>15m</code>, <code>1h</code>,
<code>1d</code>, and <code>7d</code>.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### OrgFilter

> Filters results by organization.

Reviewer: ```
Filters results for the given organization.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>limit</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

The total number of rows in the result set. This value must be a positive integer. If this limit value is not set,
the total number of rows is five by default.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>offset</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

The offset value to set when filtering results. This value must be zero or a positive integer. If you do not specify
an offset value, the default offset value (i.e., <code>0</code>) applies.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>sortBy</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The column name by which the results are sorted. If the <code>sortBy</code> value is not set, the default column of the related
operation that is available for sorting purposes is used.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>sortOrder</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> The order in which the results are sorted. Possible values are <code>asc</code>(to sort in the ascending order) and <code>desc</code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order in which the results are sorted. Possible values are <code>asc</code>(to sort in ascending order) and <code>desc</code>
(to sort in descending order). If no value is specified, the results are sorted in ascending order by default
(except for count-specific operations such as <code>getTopAPIsByAlertCount</code> where the results are always
sorted in descending order).

<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>paginationFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#paginationfilter">PaginationFilter</a></td>
<td>

The pagination filter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>searchFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#searchfilter">SearchFilter</a></td>
<td>

The search filter.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### SearchFilter

Filters results by searching matching results for the provided search text.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

The list of API Ids that need to be searched with the given search text. Note that it is not possible to define API
IDs without a search text in the search filter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>searchText</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

Text which needs to be searched among the results. It is required to specify a value for this parameter.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### SubscriberFilter

> Filters the subscribers results.

Reviewer: Change "subscribers" to "subscriber".

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

The results are filtered for the list of APIs you specify here. A maximum of five API IDs can be defined.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### SuccessAPIUsageByAppFilter

Filters successful API usage by application results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

The list of API Ids by which the results need to be filtered with.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>tenantDomains</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

The tenant domain name by which the results need to be filtered with.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### TenantDataFilter

> Filters results by tenant.

Reviewer: Change "tenant" to "the tenant".

<td>

The end date of the time range. The date specified here must be a date later than the date specified via the <code>from</code>
parameter. If the defined date and time entry do not have a timezone, the <code>UTC</code> time zone (z) is used. It is
required to specify a value for this parameter.
e.g., <code>'2021-08-16T12:30:00.000+05:30'</code>.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### TopAPIsByAlertCountFilter

Filters the top APIs by alert count results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>paginationFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#paginationfilter">PaginationFilter</a></td>
<td>

The pagination filter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>searchFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#searchfilter">SearchFilter</a></td>
<td>

The search filter.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Enums

### ErrorCodeType

Represents an error code type.

<table>
<thead>
<th align="left">Value</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>_4XX</strong></td>
<td>

> Client side errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Client-side errors.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>_5XX</strong></td>
<td>

> Server side errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server-side errors.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorType

Represents an error type.

<table>
<thead>
<th align="left">Value</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>PROXY</strong></td>
<td>

Proxy-related errors.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>TARGET</strong></td>
<td>

Target-related errors.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Scalars

### Boolean

The <code>Boolean</code> scalar type represents <code>true</code> or <code>false</code>.

### Float

The <code>Float</code> scalar type represents signed double-precision fractional values as specified by [IEEE 754](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEEE_floating_point).

### ID

> The <code>ID</code> scalar type represents a unique identifier, often used to refetch an object or as key for a cache. The ID type appears in a JSON response as a String; however, it is not intended to be human-readable. When expected as an input type, any string (such as <code>"4"</code>) or integer (such as <code>4</code>) input value will be accepted as an ID.

Reviewer: Replace 'will be" with 'is".

Author: This is an auto-generated description according to the graphql spec. Let's keep this as it is.

> The <code>ID</code> scalar type represents a unique identifier, often used to refetch an object or as key for a cache. The ID type appears in a JSON response as a String; however, it is not intended to be human-readable. When expected as an input type, any string (such as <code>"4"</code>) or integer (such as <code>4</code>) input value will be accepted as an ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <code>ID</code> scalar type represents a unique identifier, often used to re-fetch an object or as the key for a cache. The ID type appears in a JSON response as a String; however, it is not intended to be human-readable. When expected as an input type, any string (such as <code>"4"</code>) or integer (such as <code>4</code>) input value is accepted as an ID.
```

ID, environment ID, and organization ID.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">filter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getOverallLatency</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#float">Float</a></td>
<td>

Returns the overall response latency (95th percentile value) during the given time range for the specified
combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">filter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getLatencySummary</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#latencysummary">LatencySummary</a></td>
<td>

> Returns the response latency value (95th percentile value) for each time interval (calculates according to the

Reviewer: Change "calculates" to "calculated".

granularity value) within the specified time range for the given combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and
organization ID. Optionally, you can configure the `latencySummaryFilter` parameter to further filter the results.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">filter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">latencySummaryFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#latencysummaryfilter">LatencySummaryFilter</a></td>
<td>

Latency summary filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getSuccessSummary</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#successsummary">SuccessSummary</a></td>
<td>

> Returns the number of successful (2xx response code) hit count for each time interval (calculates according to the

Reviewer: Change "calculates" to "calculated".

<td valign="top"><a href="#errorsummary">ErrorSummary</a></td>
<td>

Returns the number of unsuccessful (total of both 4xx and 5xx response codes) hit count for each time interval (
calculates according to the granularity value) within the specified time range for the given combination of tenant
ID, environment ID, and organization ID. Optionally, you can configure the `granularity` parameter to override the
default granularity value.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">filter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">granularity</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

Granularity value

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getErrorsByCategory</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errorsbycategory">ErrorsByCategory</a></td>
<td>

Returns the number of proxy errors (total of both 4xx and 5xx response codes) hit count by each error category for

> each time interval (calculates according to the granularity value) within the specified time range for the given

Reviewer: Change "calculates" to "calculated".

<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getErrorsDetails</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#detailsoferrors">DetailsOfErrors</a></td>
<td>

Returns details of each proxy error (for both 4xx and 5xx response codes) within the specified time range for the
given combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID. Optionally, you can configure the
`errorsDetailsFilter` parameter to further filter the results.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">errorsDetailsFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errorsdetailsfilter">ErrorsDetailsFilter</a></td>
<td>

Error details filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getProxyTargetErrorsOverTime</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#errorsbystatuscodecategory">ErrorsByStatusCodeCategory</a>]</td>
<td>

> Returns a list of hit counts for proxy and target errors by each time interval (calculates according to the

Reviewer: Change "calculates" to "calculated".

granularity value) within the specified time range for the given combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and

> organization ID. Each proxy and target error category result set contains breakdown of errors as 4xx, 5xx and total.

Reviewer: Suggestion for last sentence: "The errors is each proxy and target result set are grouped as `4xx`, `5xx`, and `total`."

Optionally, you can configure the `errorsByStatusCodeFilter` parameter to further filter the results.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">errorsByStatusCodeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errorsbystatuscodefilter">ErrorsByStatusCodeFilter</a></td>
<td>

Errors by status code filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getErrorsByStatusCode</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errorsbystatuscode">ErrorsByStatusCode</a></td>
<td>

> Returns hit count for each error response code (401, 404, 500, etc.) for each API within the specified time range

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the hit count for each error response code (401, 404, and 500 etc.,) for each API within the specified time range for the given combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID.
```

for the given combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">errorCountByStatusCodeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errorcountbystatuscodefilter">ErrorCountByStatusCodeFilter</a></td>
<td>

Error count by status code filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getTotalErrorsByAPI</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#totalerror">TotalError</a></td>
<td>

> Returns the total proxy error hit count for an API across all the data available time range for the given

Reviewer: The phrase "across all the data available time range" is unclear. Did you mean "across all the dates available within the selected time range"?

Author: simplified

combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID. Optionally, you can configure the `filter` parameter
to further filter the results by a time range.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">filter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a></td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">apiId</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a>!</td>
<td>

API Id

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getAPIUsageOverTime</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#apiusageovertime">APIUsageOverTime</a>]</td>
<td>

> Returns a list of each API usage over time for each time interval (calculates according to the granularity value)

Reviewer: Change "calculates" to "calculated".

In the first phrase, do you mean "Returns the usage details for each API"?

"over time for each time interval (calculates according to the granularity value) within the specified time range" is too confusing.

Consider rephrasing.

within the specified time range for the given combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID.
Optionally, you can configure the `apiUsageOvertimeFilter` parameter to further filter the results.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">apiUsageOvertimeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#apiusageovertimefilter">APIUsageOverTimeFilter</a></td>
<td>

API usage overtime time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getAPIUsageByAppOverTime</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#apiusagebyappovertime">APIUsageByAppOverTime</a></td>
<td>

> Returns API usage by each application over time for each time interval (calculates according to the granularity

Reviewer: Change "calculates" to "calculated".

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getResourceUsage</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#resourceusages">ResourceUsages</a></td>
<td>

Returns API usage by resource within the specified time range for the given combination of tenant ID, environment
ID, and organization ID. Optionally, you can configure the `resourceUsageFilter` parameter to further filter the
results.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">resourceUsageFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#resourceusagefilter">ResourceUsageFilter</a></td>
<td>

Resource usage filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getTotalTrafficByAPI</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Returns the total hit count for an API across all the data available time range for the given combination of tenant

Reviewer: "across all the data available time range" is unclear. Rephrase it to make it clearer.

ID, environment ID, and organization ID. Optionally, you can configure the `filter` parameter to further filter the
results by a time range.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">filter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a></td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">apiId</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a>!</td>
<td>

API Id

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>topSlowestAPIs</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#slowapi">SlowAPI</a>]</td>
<td>

> Returns a list of top slowest APIs by the response latency (95th percentile value) within the specified time range

Reviewer: Shall we change "by the response latency " to "based on the response latency".

for the given combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">filter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">limit</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

Limit for the slow APIs list

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getLatency</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#apilatency">APILatency</a></td>
<td>

> Returns different latency category values (95th percentile values) for a given API over time for each time

Reviewer: 'over time for each time interval (calculates according to the granularity value) within the specified time range" is too confusing. Consider replacing this phrase with the following:

"for each time granularity within the specified time range"

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getOverallLatencyByAPI</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#overalllatency">OverallLatency</a></td>
<td>

Returns the overall response latency (95th percentile value) for an API across all the data available time range for
the given combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID. Optionally, you can configure the `filter`
parameter to further filter the results by a time range.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">filter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a></td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">apiId</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a>!</td>
<td>

API Id

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getCacheHitsAndMisses</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#cachehits">CacheHits</a></td>
<td>

> Return the total number of response cache hits, misses and hit percentage for an API over time for each time

Reviewer: 'over time for each time interval (calculates according to the granularity value) within the specified time range" is too confusing. Consider replacing this phrase with the following:

"for each time granularity within the specified time range"

interval (calculates according to the granularity value) within the specified time range for the given combination
of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">cacheFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#cachefilter">CacheFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Cache filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getTopPlatforms</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#platform">Platform</a>]</td>
<td>

> Returns a list of top platforms by hit count within the specified time range for the given combination of tenant ID,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of top platforms ranked based on the hit count within the specified time range for the given combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID. The result list includes the top nine platforms with the respective hit count, and all the rest of the platforms are labelled as **Other** with the cumulated hit count. Optionally, you can configure the `deviceFilter` parameter to further filter the results.
```

<td valign="top"><a href="#apiusagebygeolocation">APIUsageByGeoLocation</a></td>
<td>

NOTE: The data required for this operation is not yet collected in the database. Hence, this operation will return
empty results.

Returns API usage by country within the specified time range for the given combination of tenant ID, environment ID,
and organization ID. Optionally, you can configure the `geoLocationFilter` parameter to further filter the results.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">geoLocationFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#geolocationfilter">GeoLocationFilter</a></td>
<td>

Geo location filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getAPIsUsageByApplications</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#apiusagebyapplication">APIUsageByApplication</a>]</td>
<td>

> Returns a list of each API usage by each application within the specified time range for the given combination of

Reviewer: Shall we replace "Returns a list of each API usage by each application" with "Returns usage details of each API by application..."?

tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID. Optionally, you can configure the `apiUsageByAppFilter` parameter to
further filter the results.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">apiUsageByAppFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#apiusagebyappfilter">APIUsageByAppFilter</a></td>
<td>

API usage by app filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getTopAPIsByAlertCount</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#topapisbyalertcount">TopAPIsByAlertCount</a></td>
<td>

> Returns top APIs by the alert count within the specified time range for the given combination of tenant ID,

Reviewer: Shall we replace "by" with "based on".

environment ID, and organization ID. Optionally, you can configure the `topAPIsByAlertCountFilter` parameter to
further filter the results.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">topAPIsByAlertCountFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#topapisbyalertcountfilter">TopAPIsByAlertCountFilter</a></td>
<td>

Top APIs by alert count filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getAlertSummary</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#alertsummaries">AlertSummaries</a></td>
<td>

> Returns a summary of each alert for within the specified time range for the given combination of tenant ID,

Reviewer: Let's replace "Returns a summary of each alert for within the specified time range" with "Returns a summary for each alert within the specified time range.."?

environment ID, and organization ID. Optionally, you can configure the `alertSummaryFilter` parameter to further
filter the results.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">timeFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">alertSummaryFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#alertsummaryfilter">AlertSummaryFilter</a></td>
<td>

Alert summary filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getSuccessAPIsUsageByApplications</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#successapiusagebyapplication">SuccessAPIUsageByApplication</a>]</td>
<td>

NOTE: This operations can only be invoked via using an on-prem key as the authentication header.

> Returns a list of successful(2xx response codes) hit counts for each API by each application within the specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of successful hit counts (i.e., 2xx response codes) within the specified time range for each API, grouped by each application. Optionally, you can configure the `successAPIUsageByAppFilter` parameter to further filter the results.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Objects

### API

Represents API details.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>id</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a>!</td>
<td>

API Id.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>name</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

API name.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>version</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

API version.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>provider</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

API provider name.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APILatency

Represents latency values for a single API over time.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>summary</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#latency">Latency</a>]</td>
<td>

> List containing latency category values over time. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list containing latency category values over time. Returns an empty array if no data is available.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Granularity value used for data retrieval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value used for data retrieval.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsage

> Represents API usage for a single timestamp. Timestamp is calculated according to the provided granularity value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the API usage for a single timestamp. The timestamp is calculated based on the granularity value provided.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>timeSpan</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Represents a timestamp value calculated according to the used granularity value. For an example if the used

Reviewer: What do you mean by the "used granularity value" What  used it"

```suggestion
Represents a timestamp value calculated based on the specified granularity value. For example, if the granularity value is `1d`, `timeSpan` represents the start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in the time filter. e.g., `timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'`
```

granularity value is '1d', timeSpan will represents start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in
the TimeFilter.
Ex: timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>count</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> API usage count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API usage count.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsageByApp

Represents API usage across APIs by a single application.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a>!</td>
<td>

> Application Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application ID.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationName</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Application name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application name.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationOwner</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

Application owner name.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#apiusage">APIUsage</a>]</td>
<td>

> List containing the APIs usage values. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: Start the first sentence with "A" or "The" as relevant, and add "is" after "data".

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsageByAppOverTime

Represents API usage across APIs by applications over time.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#apiusagebyapp">APIUsageByApp</a>]</td>
<td>

> List containing the API usage values across APIs by each application. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: Start the first sentence with "A" or "The" as relevant, and add "is" after "data".

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Granularity value used for data retrieval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value used for data retrieval.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsageByApplication

Represents a single API usage by a single application.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> API Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API ID.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Application Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application ID.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationName</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Application name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application name.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationOwner</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Application owner name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the application owner.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>count</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> Usage of API by the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The usage of the API by the application.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsageByBackend

Represents API usage across APIs by a single backend.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>backend</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Backend name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the backend.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#apiusage">APIUsage</a>]</td>
<td>

> List containing the APIs usage values. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: Start the first sentence with "A" or "The" as relevant, and add "is" after "data".

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsageByBackendOverTime

Represents API usage across APIs by each backend over time.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#apiusagebybackend">APIUsageByBackend</a>]</td>
<td>

> List containing the API usage values across APIs by each backend. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: Start the first sentence with "A" or "The" as relevant, and add "is" after "data".

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Granularity value used for data retrieval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value used for data retrieval.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsageByGeoLocation

Represents a single API usage across different countries.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a></td>
<td>

API Id.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usageByGeoLocation</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#usagebygeolocation">UsageByGeoLocation</a>]</td>
<td>

> List containing usages of API in different countries. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: Start the first sentence with "A" or "The" as relevant, and add "is" after "data".

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsageOverTime

Represents a single API usage over time.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a></td>
<td>

API Id.

> </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ID of the API.
```

</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#apiusage">APIUsage</a>]</td>
<td>

> List containing the API usage values. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: Start the first sentence with "A" or "The" as relevant, and add "is" after "data".

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Granularity value used for data retrieval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value used for data retrieval.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### AlertSummaries

Represents alert summaries.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#alertsummary">AlertSummary</a>]</td>
<td>

> List containing alert summary for each alert. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: Start the first sentence with "A" or "The" as relevant, and add "is" after "data".

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>pagination</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#pagination">Pagination</a>!</td>
<td>

Pagination details.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### AlertSummary

Represents a summary for an alert.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a>!</td>
<td>

> API Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API ID.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>timestamp</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Represents a timestamp value calculated according to the used granularity value. For an example if the used

Reviewer: When you say "used granularity value" it is not clear as to where it is used and by what. Please check whether the following suggestion gives the same meaning.

```suggestion
Represents a timestamp value that is calculated based on the specified granularity value.  for example, if the granularity value is `1d`, the timestamp represents the start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in the time filter.
e.g., timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'
```

granularity value is '1d', timeSpan will represents start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in
the TimeFilter.
Ex: timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>category</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Alert category(Latency or Traffic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The alert category. Possible values are `latency` and `traffic`.
```
Format the alert types in title caps (`Latency` and `Traffic`) if applicable.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>metric</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

Alert metric(Response Latency or Total Traffic).

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>severity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Severity level of the alert(Low, Moderate or High)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The severity level of the alert. Possible values are `Low`, `Moderate`, and `High`.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>message</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

Alert details.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Application

> Represents Application details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents application details.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>id</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a>!</td>
<td>

Application Id.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>name</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Application name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application name.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>owner</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Application owner name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the application owner.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### CacheHit

> Represents response cache hits and misses values for a single timestamp. Timestamp is calculated according to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the response cache hits and misses for a single timestamp. The timestamp is calculated according to the granularity value provided.
```

provided granularity value.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>timeSpan</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

Represents a timestamp value calculated according to the used granularity value. For an example if the used
granularity value is '1d', timeSpan will represents start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in
the TimeFilter.
Ex: timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>hits</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> Number of times response cache hit .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of times the response cache was hit.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>misses</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> Number of times response cache missed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of times the response cache was missed.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>hitPercentage</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#float">Float</a>!</td>
<td>

> Response cache hits as a percentage to total of hits and misses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response cache hits as a percentage of the sum of hits and misses.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### CacheHits

> Represents response cache hits and misses over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the response cache hits and misses over time.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>summary</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#cachehit">CacheHit</a>]</td>
<td>

> List containing cache hits, misses and hit percentage over time. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list containing cache hits, misses, and the hit percentage over time. Returns an empty array if no data is available.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

Granularity value used for data retrieval.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### DetailsOfErrors

Represents error details over time.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#errordetails">ErrorDetails</a>]!</td>
<td>

> List containing error details over time. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: Start the first sentence with "A" or "The" as relevant, and add "is" after "data".

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>pagination</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#pagination">Pagination</a>!</td>
<td>

Pagination details.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Environment

Represents an environment.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>id</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Environment Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment ID.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>name</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Environment name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment name.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>type</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Environment type. Choreo environment will be labelled as 'CHOREO' and on premise environments will be labelled as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment type. The Choreo environment is labelled as `CHOREO`, and the on premise environment is labelled as `ON_PREM`.

'ON_PREM'.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorCountByCategory

> Represents number of errors for each category for a single timestamp. Timestamp is calculated according to the provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the number of errors from each category for a single timestamp. The timestamp is calculated according to the granularity value provided. If you select some categories, the error counts are retrieved only for those categories, and a null value is shown `for the other categories that are not selected.
``

granularity value. If categories are selected, then unselected category field will have null as the value while other
selected categories containing error count.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>timeSpan</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Represents a timestamp value calculated according to the used granularity value. For an example if the used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents a timestamp value that is calculated based on the specified granularity value.  For example, if the granularity value is `1d`, the timestamp represents the start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in the time filter.
e.g., timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'
```

granularity value is '1d', timeSpan will represents start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in
the TimeFilter.
Ex: timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>auth</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Authorization related error count.

Reviewer: ``suggestion
Authorization-related error count.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>targetConnectivity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Target Connectivity related error count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The count of target connectivity errors.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>throttled</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Throttling related error count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The count of throttling errors.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>other</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Other errors count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The count of other errors.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorCountByCode

> Represents error count for a single error status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the error count for a single error status code.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>statusCode</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Error status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error status code.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>count</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> Error count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error count.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorCountByCodeForAPI

> Represents error count for each status code for a single API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the error count for each status code for a single API.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a>!</td>
<td>

Api Id.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>errorCountByCode</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#errorcountbycode">ErrorCountByCode</a>]</td>
<td>

> List containing error count for each error status code. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list containing the error count for each error status code.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorDetails

> Represents details of an error for a single timestamp. Timestamp is calculated according to the provided granularity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents details of an error for a single timestamp. The timestamp is calculated according to the granularity value provided.
```

value.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a></td>
<td>

> API Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API ID.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>timeSpan</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Represents a timestamp value calculated according to the used granularity value. For an example if the used

Reviewer: When you say "used granularity value" it is not clear as to where it is used and by what. Please check whether the following suggestion gives the same meaning.

```suggestion
Represents a timestamp value that is calculated based on the specified granularity value. For example, if the granularity value is `1d`, the timestamp represents the start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in the time filter.
e.g., timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'
```

granularity value is '1d', timeSpan will represents start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in
the TimeFilter.
Ex: timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Application Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application ID.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationName</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Application name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application name.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationOwner</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Application owner name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the application owner.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>reason</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Error reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason for the error.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>count</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> Error count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error count.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorStatusCodeCategoryCounts

> Represents errors by main status code category(4xx or 5xx) and the total error count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents errors by the main status code (4xx or 5xx) and the total error count.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>_4xx</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Number of client errors(4xx response codes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of client errors (4xx response codes).
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>_5xx</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Number of server errors(5xx response codes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of server errors (5xx response codes).
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>total</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Total of client and server errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total number of client and server errors.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorSummary

> Provides unsuccessful(4xx and 5xx response code) usage summary across all the APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides the unsuccessful usage (i.e., 4xx and 5xx response codes) summary across all APIs.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>summary</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#errorvalue">ErrorValue</a>]!</td>
<td>

> List containing unsuccessful usage values. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: Start the first sentence with "A" or "The" as relevant, and add "is" after "data".

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Granularity value used for data retrieval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value for which data is retrieved.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorValue

> Represents unsuccessful request count(4xx and 5xx response code) for a single timestamp. Timestamp is calculated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the unsuccessful request count (i.e., 4xx and 5xx response codes) for a single timestamp. The timestamp is calculated based on the granularity value provided.
```

according to the provided granularity value.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>timeSpan</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Represents a timestamp value calculated according to the used granularity value. For an example if the used

Reviewer: When you say "used granularity value" it is not clear as to where it is used and by what. Please check whether the following suggestion gives the same meaning.

```suggestion
Represents a timestamp value that is calculated based on the specified granularity value. For example, if the granularity value is `1d`, the timestamp represents the start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in the time filter.
e.g., timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'
```

granularity value is '1d', timeSpan will represents start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in
the TimeFilter.
Ex: timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>errorCount</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Represents error request count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the error request count.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorsByCategory

> Represents errors by category over time for error categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the errors by category over time.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>errors</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#errorcountbycategory">ErrorCountByCategory</a>]</td>
<td>

> List containing error count for each error category over time. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list containing the error count for each error category over time. Returns an empty array if no data is available.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Granularity value used for data retrieval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value for which data is retrieved.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorsByStatusCode

> Represents error counts for each status code for each API for all the APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the error counts grouped by status code for each API. 
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>errors</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#errorcountbycodeforapi">ErrorCountByCodeForAPI</a>]!</td>
<td>

> List containing error count for each status code for each API. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list containing the error count for each status code of each API. Returns an empty array if no data is available.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>pagination</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#pagination">Pagination</a>!</td>
<td>

Pagination details.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorsByStatusCodeCategory

> Represents error category values(as 4xx, 5xx and total) for both proxy and target errors for a single timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents error category values (grouped as `4xx`, `5xx`, and `total`) for both proxy and target errors for a single timestamp. The timestamp is calculated based on the granularity value provided.
```

Timestamp is calculated according to the provided granularity value.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>timeSpan</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Represents a timestamp value calculated according to the used granularity value. For an example if the used

Reviewer: When you say "used granularity value" it is not clear as to where it is used and by what. Please check whether the following suggestion gives the same meaning.

```suggestion
Represents a timestamp value that is calculated based on the specified granularity value. For example, if the granularity value is `1d`, the timestamp represents the start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in the time filter.
e.g., timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'
```

granularity value is '1d', timeSpan will represents start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in
the TimeFilter.
Ex: timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>proxy</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errorstatuscodecategorycounts">ErrorStatusCodeCategoryCounts</a></td>
<td>

> Represents proxy related errors categorized as client errors(4xx response codes) or server errors(5xx response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents proxy-related errors categorized as client errors (`4xx` response codes) or server errors (`5xx` response codes), and the total of both categories.
```

codes) and total of both categories.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>target</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#errorstatuscodecategorycounts">ErrorStatusCodeCategoryCounts</a></td>
<td>

> Represents target related errors categorized as client errors(4xx response codes) or server errors(5xx response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents target-related errors categorized as client errors (`4xx` response codes) or server errors (`5xx` response codes), and the total of both categories.
```

codes) and total of both categories.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Latency

> Represents latency values for each latency category for a single timestamp. Timestamp is calculated according to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents latency values for each latency category for a single timestamp. The timestamp is calculated according to the granularity value provided.
```

provided granularity value.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>timeSpan</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Represents a timestamp value calculated according to the used granularity value. For an example if the used

Reviewer: When you say "used granularity value" it is not clear as to where it is used and by what. Please check whether the following suggestion gives the same meaning.

```suggestion
Represents a timestamp value that is calculated based on the specified granularity value. For example, if the granularity value is `1d`, the timestamp represents the start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in the time filter.
e.g., timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'
```

granularity value is '1d', timeSpan will represents start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in
the TimeFilter.
Ex: timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>response</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Response latency(95th percentile) in milliseconds(ms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response latency (95th percentile) in milliseconds (ms).
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>backend</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Backend latency(95th percentile) in milliseconds(ms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backend latency (95th percentile) in milliseconds (ms).
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>requestMediation</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Request mediation latency(95th percentile) in milliseconds(ms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request mediation latency (95th percentile) in milliseconds (ms).
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>responseMediation</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Response mediation latency(95th percentile) in milliseconds(ms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response mediation latency (95th percentile) in milliseconds (ms).
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>responseMedian</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Median(50th percentile) of the response latency in milliseconds(ms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The median (50th percentile) of the response latency in milliseconds (ms).
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>backendMedian</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Median(50th percentile) of the backend latency in milliseconds(ms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The median (50th percentile) of the backend latency in milliseconds (ms).
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>requestMediationMedian</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Median(50th percentile) of the request mediation latency in milliseconds(ms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The median (50th percentile) of the request mediation latency in milliseconds (ms).
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>responseMediationMedian</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Median(50th percentile) of the response mediation latency in milliseconds(ms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The median (50th percentile) of the response mediation latency in milliseconds (ms).
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### LatencySummary

> Provides latency summary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides the latency summary.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>summary</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#latencyvalue">LatencyValue</a>]!</td>
<td>

> List containing latency values. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: Start the first sentence with "A" or "The" as relevant, and add "is" after "data".

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Granularity value used for data retrieval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value for which data is retrieved.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### LatencyValue

> Represents latency value for a single timestamp. Timestamp is calculated according to the provided granularity value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the latency value for a single timestamp. The timestamp is calculated according to the provided granularity value.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>timeSpan</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Represents a timestamp value calculated according to the used granularity value. For an example if the used

Reviewer: When you say "used granularity value" it is not clear as to where it is used and by what. Please check whether the following suggestion gives the same meaning.

```suggestion
Represents a timestamp value that is calculated based on the specified granularity value. For example, if the granularity value is `1d`, the timestamp represents the start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in the time filter.
e.g., timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'
```

granularity value is '1d', timeSpan will represents start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in
the TimeFilter.
Ex: timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>latencyTime</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#float">Float</a>!</td>
<td>

> Represents Latency(95th percentile) time in milliseconds(ms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the latency (95th percentile) time in milliseconds (ms).
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### OverallLatency

> Represents overall latency values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the overall latency values.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>response</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#float">Float</a></td>
<td>

> Response latency(95th percentile value) in milliseconds(ms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response latency (95th percentile value) in milliseconds(ms).
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Pagination

Represents pagination details.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>total</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> Total number of results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total number of results.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>limit</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> Number of items in ht result set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of items in the result set.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>offset</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> Offset value for the result set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The offset value for the result set.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>sortBy</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Result set sort by column name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result set sorted by the column name.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>sortOrder</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Result set sort by order(asc or desc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result set sorted in ascending or descending order.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Platform

Represents a platform.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>platform</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Platform name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the platform.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>count</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> Usage of platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The usage of the platform.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Provider

Represents API Provider details.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>name</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> API provider name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API provider name.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ResourceUsage

> Represents usage of a single API resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the usage of a single API resource.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a>!</td>
<td>

> API Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API ID.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiResourceTemplate</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> API resource template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API resource template.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiMethod</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> API method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API method.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>count</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> Usage of API resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The usage of the API resource.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ResourceUsages

Represents API resource usages.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#resourceusage">ResourceUsage</a>]</td>
<td>

> List containing usages of each resource of APIs. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list with the usage of each API resource. Returns an empty array if no data is available.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>pagination</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#pagination">Pagination</a>!</td>
<td>

Pagination details.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### SlowAPI

> A slow API calculated according to the response latency(95th percentile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A slow API identified based on the response latency (95th percentile).
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a>!</td>
<td>

> API Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API ID.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>latency</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> Represents Latency(95th percentile) time in milliseconds(ms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents latency (95th percentile) time in milliseconds(ms).
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Subscriber

Represents API Subscriber details.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>name</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> API subscriber name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the API subscriber.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### SuccessAPIUsageByApplication

> Represents successful(2xx response code) usages of an API by an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents successful usages (that have resulted in the `2xx` response code) of an API by an application.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> API Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API ID.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiName</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> API name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the API.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiVersion</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> API version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version of the API.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiCreatorTenantDomain</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Tenant domain of the API creator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tenant domain of the API creator.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Application Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application ID.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationName</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Application name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the application.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationOwner</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Application name owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the application owner.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>count</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### SuccessSummary

> Provides successful(2xx response code) usage summary across all the APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides the successful (2xx response code) usage summary across all the APIs.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>summary</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#successvalue">SuccessValue</a>]!</td>
<td>

> List containing successful usage values. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: Start the first sentence with "A" or "The" as relevant, and add "is" after "data".

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Granularity value used for data retrieval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value for which data is retrieved.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### SuccessValue

> Represents successful request count(2xx response code) for a single timestamp. Timestamp is calculated according to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the successful request count (i.e., requests that have received the `2xx` response code) for a single timestamp. The timestamp is calculated according to the granularity value provided.
```
```

provided granularity value.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>timeSpan</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Represents a timestamp value calculated according to the used granularity value. For an example if the used

Reviewer: When you say "used granularity value" it is not clear as to where it is used and by what. Please check whether the following suggestion gives the same meaning.

```suggestion
Represents a timestamp value that is calculated based on the specified granularity value. For example, if the granularity value is `1d`, the timestamp represents the start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in the time filter.
e.g., timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'
```

granularity value is '1d', timeSpan will represents start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in
the TimeFilter.
Ex: timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>requestCount</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> Represents successful request count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the successful request count.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### TopAPIByAlertCount

Represents a top API by alert count.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a>!</td>
<td>

> API Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ID of the API.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>count</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> Alert count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The alert count.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### TopAPIsByAlertCount

> Represents top APIs by alert count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the top APIs by alert count.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#topapibyalertcount">TopAPIByAlertCount</a>]</td>
<td>

> List containing top APIs by alert count. Returns an empty array if no data available.

Reviewer: Start the first sentence with "A" or "The" as relevant, and add "is" after "data".

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>pagination</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#pagination">Pagination</a>!</td>
<td>

Pagination details.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### TotalError

> Represents total errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the total errors.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>proxy</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Proxy related error count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proxy-related error count.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### UsageByGeoLocation

> Represents usage of a single API in a single country.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the usage of a single API in a single country.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>country</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Country name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the country.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>count</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

> Usage of API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The usage of the API.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### UserAgent

Represents a user agent.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>userAgent</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

User agent name.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>count</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a>!</td>
<td>

Usage of user agent.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Inputs

### APIUsageByAppFilter

> Filters API usage by application results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters the API usage by application results.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> List of API Ids where the results needs to be filtered with. The maximum number of API Ids that can be defined is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are filtered for the list of APIs you specify here. A maximum of five API IDs can be defined. This is an optional parameter that can be used if there is a requirement to filter results for selected APIs.
```

limited to 5. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>appIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> List of application Ids where the results needs to be filtered with. The maximum number of application Ids that can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are filtered for the list of applications you specify here. A maximum of five application IDs can be defined. This is an optional parameter that can be used if there is a requirement to filter results for selected applications.
```

be defined is limited to 5. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit
the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>subscribers</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> List of names od subscribers where the results needs to be filtered with. The maximum number of subscribers that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are filtered for the list of subscribers you specify here. A maximum of five subscriber IDs can be defined. This is an optional parameter that can be used if there is a requirement to filter results for selected subscribers.
```

can be defined is limited to 5. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute,
omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsageByBackendOverTimeFilter

> Filters API usage by backend overtime results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters the API usage by backend overtime results.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> List of API Ids where the results needs to be filtered with. The maximum number of API Ids that can be defined is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are filtered for the list of APIs you specify here. A maximum of five API IDs can be defined. This is an optional parameter that can be used if there is a requirement to filter results for selected APIs.
```

limited to 5. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Granularity value which will be used in data retrieval. This field is optional. Hence, if granularity value is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. This field is optional. If the granularity value is not set, the default granularity for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can specify are `1m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, and `7d`.
```

set, default granularity for the related time range will be applied. Granularity value must be one of '1m', '15m',
'1h', '1d' or '7d' values.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsageOverTimeFilter

> Filters API usage overtime results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters the results for API usage over time.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> List of API Ids where the results needs to be filtered with. The maximum number of API Ids that can be defined is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are filtered for the list of APIs you specify here. A maximum of five API IDs can be defined. This is an optional parameter that can be used if there is a requirement to filter results for selected APIs.
```

limited to 5. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>appIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> List of application Ids where the results needs to be filtered with. The maximum number of application Ids that can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are filtered for the list of applications you specify here. A maximum of five application IDs can be defined. This is an optional parameter that can be used if there is a requirement to filter results for selected applications.
```

be defined is limited to 5. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit
the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Granularity value which will be used in data retrieval. This field is optional. Hence, if granularity value is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. This field is optional. If the granularity value is not set, the default granularity for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can specify are `1m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, and `7d`.
```

set, default granularity for the related time range will be applied. Granularity value must be one of '1m', '15m',
'1h', '1d' or '7d' values.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### AlertSummaryFilter

> Filters alerts summary results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters the alerts summary results.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>paginationFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#paginationfilter">PaginationFilter</a></td>
<td>

> Pagination filter. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pagination filter. This is an optional parameter. Therefore, if there is no requirement to filter by this attribute, omit this parameter.
```

.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>searchFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#searchfilter">SearchFilter</a></td>
<td>

> Search filter. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search filter. This is an optional parameter. Therefore, if there is no requirement to filter by this attribute, omit this parameter.
```

Reviewer: Is "attribute" and "field" the same? We might need to revisit this.

Author: yes

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> List of API Ids where the results needs to be filtered with. The maximum number of API Ids that can be defined is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are filtered for the list of APIs you specify here. A maximum of five API IDs can be defined. This is an optional parameter that can be used if there is a requirement to filter results for selected APIs.
```

limited to 5. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>category</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

Alert category where the results needs to be filtered with. Category needs to be one the 'TRAFFIC', 'LATENCY'
values. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ApplicationFilter

> Filter applications by application owner and API Ids.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter applications by the application owner and API IDs.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>owner</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> List of API Ids where the results needs to be filtered with. The maximum number of API Ids that can be defined is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are filtered for the list of APIs you specify here. A maximum of five API IDs can be defined. This is an optional parameter that can be used if there is a requirement to filter results for selected APIs.
```

limited to 5. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### CacheFilter

Filters response cache results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> API Id where the results needs to be filtered with. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are filtered by the API ID(s) specified here. This is an optional parameter.
```

by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Granularity value which will be used in data retrieval. This field is optional. Hence, if granularity value is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. This field is optional. If the granularity value is not set, the default granularity for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can specify are `1m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, and `7d`.
```

set, default granularity for the related time range will be applied. Granularity value must be one of '1m', '15m',
'1h', '1d' or '7d' values.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### DataFilter

Filters results by organization, environment and tenant.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>orgId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Organization id where the results needs to be filtered with. This is a required field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The organization by which the results need to be filled. It is required to specify a value for this parameter.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>environmentId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Environment id where the results needs to be filtered with. This is a required field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment by which the results need to be filtered. It is required to specify a value for this parameter.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>tenant</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Tenant name where the results needs to be filtered with. This is a required field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tenant by which the results need to be filtered. It is required to specify a value for this parameter.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### DeviceFilter

> Filters devices related results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters results related to devices.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> List of API Ids where the results needs to be filtered with. The maximum number of API Ids that can be defined is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are filtered for the list of APIs you specify here. A maximum of five API IDs can be defined. This is an optional parameter that can be used if there is a requirement to filter results for selected APIs.
```

limited to 5. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorCountByStatusCodeFilter

> Filters error by status code results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters errors by status code results.
```

<td>

Pagination filter. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field
.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorsByCategoryFilter

Filters errors by category results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

API Id. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>categories</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

List of categories where the results needs to be filtered with. Allowed error category values for this list are
'AUTH', 'TARGET_CONNECTIVITY', 'THROTTLED' and 'OTHER'. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of
filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Granularity value which will be used in data retrieval. This field is optional. Hence, if granularity value is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. This field is optional. If the granularity value is not set, the default granularity for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can specify are `1m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, and `7d`.
```

set, default granularity for the related time range will be applied. Granularity value must be one of '1m', '15m',
'1h', '1d' or '7d' values.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorsByStatusCodeFilter

Filters errors by status code results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

API Id where the results needs to be filtered with. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering
by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Granularity value which will be used in data retrieval. This field is optional. Hence, if granularity value is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. This field is optional. If the granularity value is not set, the default granularity for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can specify are `1m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, and `7d`.
```

> Granularity value which will be used in data retrieval. This field is optional. Hence, if granularity value is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. This field is optional. If the granularity value is not set, the default granularity for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can specify are `1m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, and `7d`.
```

<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

API Id where the results needs to be filtered with. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering
by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>appId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

Application Id where the results needs to be filtered with. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of
filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>category</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

Error category where the results needs to be filtered with. Error category value must be one of 'AUTH',
'TARGET_CONNECTIVITY', 'THROTTLED' and 'OTHER' values. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of
filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Granularity value which will be used in data retrieval. This field is optional. Hence, if granularity value is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. This field is optional. If the granularity value is not set, the default granularity for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can specify are `1m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, and `7d`.
```

<td>

Search filter. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### GeoLocationFilter

Filters API usage by geolocation results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

API Id where the results needs to be filtered with. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering
by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### LatencyFilter

Filters latency results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

API Id where the results needs to be filtered with. This field is required.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Granularity value which will be used in data retrieval. This field is optional. Hence, if granularity value is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. This field is optional. If the granularity value is not set, the default granularity for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can specify are `1m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, and `7d`.
```

set, default granularity for the related time range will be applied. Granularity value must be one of '1m', '15m',
'1h', '1d' or '7d' values.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### LatencySummaryFilter

Filters latency summary results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

API Id where the results needs to be filtered with. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering
by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Granularity value which will be used in data retrieval. This field is optional. Hence, if granularity value is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. This field is optional. If the granularity value is not set, the default granularity for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can specify are `1m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, and `7d`.
```

</table>

### SearchFilter

Filter results by searching matching results for the provided search text.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

List of API Ids where the 'searchtext' needs to be searched. This field is optional. Hence, if there is
no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field. Please note that it is not possible to define apiIds
only without a search text in the search filter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>searchText</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

Text which needs to be searched among the results. This field is required.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### SubscriberFilter

Filter subscribers results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> List of API Ids where the results needs to be filtered with. The maximum number of API Ids that can be defined is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are filtered for the list of APIs you specify here. A maximum of five API IDs can be defined. This is an optional parameter that can be used if there is a requirement to filter results for selected APIs.
```

limited to 5. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### SuccessAPIUsageByAppFilter

Filters successful APU usage by application results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> List of API Ids where the results needs to be filtered with. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are filtered for the list of APIs you specify here. A maximum of five API IDs can be defined. This is an optional parameter that can be used if there is a requirement to filter results for selected APIs.
```

<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>summary</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#latency">Latency</a>]</td>
<td>

A list containing latency category values over time. Returns an empty array if no data is available.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The granularity value for which data is retrieved.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsage

Represents the API usage for a single timestamp. The timestamp is calculated based on the granularity value provided.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>timeSpan</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

Represents a timestamp value that is calculated based on the specified granularity value. For example, granularity
value is <code>1d</code>, the timestamp represents the start of the day calculated adhering to the timezone provided in the
time filter.

> e.g., timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'

Reviewer: Please correct in all places.

```suggestion
e.g., `timeSpan: '2021-06-21T00:00:00.0000000+05:30'`
```

<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#id">ID</a>!</td>
<td>

The application ID.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationName</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The application name.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationOwner</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The name of the application owner.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#apiusage">APIUsage</a>]</td>
<td>

A list containing the APIs usage values. Returns an empty array if no data is available.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsageByAppOverTime

Represents API usage across APIs by applications over time.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>usage</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#apiusagebyapp">APIUsageByApp</a>]</td>
<td>

> A list containing the API usage values across APIs by each application. Returns an empty array if no data is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list containing the API usage values across APIs, grouped by the application. Returns an empty array if no data is
```

available.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The granularity value for which data is retrieved.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### APIUsageByApplication

Represents a single API usage by a single application.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The ID of the API.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>applicationId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> The Application Id.

Reviewer: Change "Id" to "ID" in all desceriptions.

Represents the error request count.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorsByCategory

Represents the errors by category over time.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>errors</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#errorcountbycategory">ErrorCountByCategory</a>]</td>
<td>

A list containing the error count for each error category over time. Returns an empty array if no data is available.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The granularity value for which data is retrieved.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorsByStatusCode

Represents the error counts grouped by status code for each API.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>errors</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#errorcountbycodeforapi">ErrorCountByCodeForAPI</a>]!</td>
<td>

> A list containing the error count for each status code of each API. Returns an empty array if no data is available.

Reviewer: Let's replace "of" with "for". Earlier, thought of avoiding the repetition of "for", but "status code of each API" seems to give a wrong meaning.

<td>

Error code type. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field.
If this field is not provided, result set will include both client related error response codes(401, 404, etc.) and
server related error response codes.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>paginationFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#paginationfilter">PaginationFilter</a></td>
<td>

The pagination filter. This is an optional parameter. Therefore, if there is no requirement to filter by this
parameter, omit this parameter.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorsByCategoryFilter

Filters errors by category results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The ID of the API. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the
field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>categories</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> List of categories where the results needs to be filtered with. Allowed error category values for this list are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of categories by which the results need to be filtered. Category values available to be selected are `AUTH'` `TARGET_CONNECTIVITY`, `THROTTLED`, and `OTHER`. This is an optional parameter. Therefore, if there is no requirement to filter by category, you can omit it.
```

set, the default granularity for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can
specify are <code>1m</code>, <code>15m</code>, <code>1h</code>, <code>1d</code>, and <code>7d</code>.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorsByStatusCodeFilter

Filters errors by status code results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The results are filtered by the API ID specified here. This is an optional parameter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. This parameter is optional. If the granularity value is not
set, the default granularity for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can
specify are <code>1m</code>, <code>15m</code>, <code>1h</code>, <code>1d</code>, and <code>7d</code>.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorsDetailsFilter

> Filters error details results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters the results for error details.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The results are filtered by the API ID specified here. This is an optional parameter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>appId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Application ID where the results needs to be filtered with. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application ID by which the results need to be filtered. This is an optional parameter. Therefore, if there is no requirement to filter results by application ID, you can omit it.
```

filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>category</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Error category where the results needs to be filtered with. Error category value must be one of 'AUTH',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error category by which the results need to be filtered. The error categories that you can specify here are `AUTH'` `TARGET_CONNECTIVITY`, `THROTTLED`, and `OTHER`. This is an optional parameter. Therefore, if there is no requirement to filter by the error category, you can omit it.
```

'TARGET_CONNECTIVITY', 'THROTTLED' and 'OTHER' values. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of
filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>granularity</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. This parameter is optional. If the granularity value is not
set, the default granularity for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can
specify are <code>1m</code>, <code>15m</code>, <code>1h</code>, <code>1d</code>, and <code>7d</code>.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>paginationFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#paginationfilter">PaginationFilter</a></td>
<td>

The pagination filter. This is an optional parameter. Therefore, if there is no requirement to filter by this

> parameter, omit this parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter, you can omit it."
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>searchFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#searchfilter">SearchFilter</a></td>
<td>

The search filter. This is an optional parameter. Therefore, if there is no requirement to filter by this parameter,

> omit this parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can omit it.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### GeoLocationFilter

> Filters API usage by geolocation results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters the API usage by geolocation results.
```

<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

The granularity value that is used for data retrieval. This parameter is optional. If the granularity value is not
set, the default granularity for the related time range is applied. The possible granularity values that you can
specify are <code>1m</code>, <code>15m</code>, <code>1h</code>, <code>1d</code>, and <code>7d</code>.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### OrgFilter

Filters results by organization.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>orgId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The ID of the organization by which the results need to be filtered. It is required to specify a value for this
parameter.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### PaginationFilter

Filters related to pagination.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>limit</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Total number of rows in the result set. This value must be a positive integer. This field is optional. Hence, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total number of rows in the result set. The value must be a positive integer. This is an optional parameter. If this limit value is not set, the total number of rows is five by default.
```

there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field. If limit value is not set, default limit value of
5 will be used.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>offset</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Offset value to set when filtering results. This value must be a positive integer. This field is optional. Hence, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The offset value to set when filtering results. This value must be a positive integer. This is an optional parameter. If you do not specify an offset value, the default offset value (i.e., `0`) applies.
```

there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field. If offset value is not set, default offset value of
0 will be used.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>sortBy</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Column name which will be used to sort results. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The column name by which the results are sorted. This is an optional parameter. If the `sortBy` value is not set, the default column of the related operation that is available for sorting purposes is used.
```

this attribute, omit the field. If sortBy value is not set, default sortBy column name for the related operation
will be used.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>sortOrder</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> Order which will be used to sort results. The sortOrder value must be one of 'asc' or 'desc' values. This field is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order in which the results are sorted. Possible values are `asc`(to sort in the ascending order) and `desc` (to sort in the descending order). This is an optional parameter. If no value is specified, the results are sorted in ascending order by default (with the exception of count-specific operations such as `getTopAPIsByAlertCount` where the results care always sorted in the descending order).

optional. Hence, if there is no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field. If sortOrder value is not set,
default sortOrder value of 'asc' will be used(with the exemption of setting 'desc' for count specific operations ex:
getTopAPIsByAlertCount).

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ResourceUsageFilter

Filters resource usage results.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>paginationFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#paginationfilter">PaginationFilter</a></td>
<td>

> The pagination filter. This is an optional parameter. Therefore, if there is no requirement to filter by this

Reviewer: Remove last sentence since it is understood when you say that the parameter is optional.

parameter, omit this parameter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>searchFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#searchfilter">SearchFilter</a></td>
<td>

> The search filter. This is an optional parameter. Therefore, if there is no requirement to filter by this parameter,

Reviewer: Remove last sentence since it is understood when you say that the parameter is optional.

omit this parameter.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### SearchFilter

Filters results by searching matching results for the provided search text.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> List of API Ids where the 'searchtext' needs to be searched. This field is optional. Hence, if there is

Reviewer: It is not clear how this works. Please check whether the following suggestion gives the correct meaning.

```suggestion
The list of APIs that need to be searched with the given search text. This is an optional parameter. Note that it is not possible to define API IDs without search text in the search filter.
```

no need of filtering by this attribute, omit the field. Please note that it is not possible to define apiIds
only without a search text in the search filter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>searchText</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

Text which needs to be searched among the results. It is required to specify a value for this parameter.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### SubscriberFilter

> Filters subscribers results.

Reviewer: ```suggestions
Filters subscribers results.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

The results are filtered for the list of APIs you specify here. A maximum of five API IDs can be defined. This is

> an optional parameter that can be used if there is a requirement to filter results for the selected APIs.

Reviewer: The last sentence can be just "This is an optional parameter".

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### SuccessAPIUsageByAppFilter

> Filters successful APU usage by application results.

Reviewer: Change "APU" to "API"?

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>apiIds</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> List of API Ids where the results needs to be filtered with. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of APIs by which the results need to be filtered. This is an optional parameter.
```

filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>tenantDomains</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> Tenant domain name where the results needs to be filtered with. This field is optional. Hence, if there is no need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tenant domain name by which the results need to be filtered. This is an optional parameter.
```

of filtering by this attribute, omit the field.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### TenantDataFilter

Filters results by tenant.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>orgId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The ID of the organization by which the results need to be filtered. It is required to specify a value for this
parameter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>envId</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

The ID of the environment by which the results need to be filtered. It is required to specify a value for this
parameter.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### TimeFilter

Filters results by the provided date range.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>from</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> Start date of the time range. This 'from' date must be a date before the date defined in 'to'. If the defined date

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The start date of the time range. The date specified here must be a date earlier than the data specified via the `to` parameter. If the defined date and time entry do not have a timezone, the `UTC` time zone(z) is used. It is required to specify a value for this parameter.
e.g., `'2021-08-16T12:30:00.000+05:30'`.

time entry does not have a timezone, UTC time zone(z) will be used. Example value: '2021-08-16T12:30:00.000+05:30'.
It is required to specify a value for this parameter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>to</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a>!</td>
<td>

> End date of the time range. If the defined date time entry does not have a timezone, UTC time zone(z) will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The end date of the time range. The date specified here must be a date later than the data specified via the `from` parameter. If the defined date and time entry do not have a timezone, the `UTC` time zone(z) is used. It is required to specify a value for this parameter.
e.g., `'2021-08-16T12:30:00.000+05:30'`.
```

Example value: '2021-08-16T12:30:00.000+05:30'. It is required to specify a value for this parameter.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### TopAPIsByAlertCountFilter

> Filters top APIs by alert count results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters the top APIs by alert count results.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th colspan="2" align="left">Field</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>paginationFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#paginationfilter">PaginationFilter</a></td>
<td>

> The pagination filter. This is an optional parameter. Therefore, if there is no requirement to filter by this

Reviewer: The last sentence is not needed.

parameter, omit this parameter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>searchFilter</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#searchfilter">SearchFilter</a></td>
<td>

> The search filter. This is an optional parameter. Therefore, if there is no requirement to filter by this parameter,

Reviewer: The last sentence is not needed.

omit this parameter.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Enums

### ErrorCodeType

Represents an error code type.

<table>
<thead>
<th align="left">Value</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>_4XX</strong></td>
<td>

Client side errors.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>_5XX</strong></td>
<td>

Server side errors.

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### ErrorType

Represents an error type.

<table>
<thead>
<th align="left">Value</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>PROXY</strong></td>
<td>

> Proxy related errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proxy-related errors.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top"><strong>TARGET</strong></td>
<td>

> Target related errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Target-related errors.
```

</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Scalars

### Boolean

The <code>Boolean</code> scalar type represents <code>true</code> or <code>false</code>.

### Float

The <code>Float</code> scalar type represents signed double-precision fractional values as specified by [IEEE 754](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEEE_floating_point).

### ID

> The <code>ID</code> scalar type represents a unique identifier, often used to refetch an object or as key for a cache. The ID type appears in a JSON response as a String; however, it is not intended to be human-readable. When expected as an input type, any string (such as <code>"4"</code>) or integer (such as <code>4</code>) input value will be accepted as an ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ID` scalar type represents a unique identifier, often used to re-fetch an object or as a key for a cache. The `ID` type appears in a JSON response as a string, but it is not intended to be human-readable. When expected as an input type, any string (such as <code>"4"</code>) or integer (such as <code>4</code>) input value is accepted as an ID.
```

Author: We need to keep this as it is.This section is fully automatically generated according to the spec of graphql.

# Choreo Insights API

> Choreo Insights API is a GraphQL API. It offers the flexibility and the ability to define precisely the data you want to fetch. This guide walks you through to find out what data you can call:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Choreo Insights API is a GraphQL API. It offers the flexibility and the ability to define precisely the data you want to fetch. This guide walks you through to find out what data you can retrieve:
```

Author: Fixed with e338f4e

> Choreo Insights API is a GraphQL API. It offers the flexibility and the ability to define precisely the data you want to fetch. This guide walks you through to find out what data you can retrieve:

Author: Fixed with 801c4fd

 
 - **Allowed operations:** [Queries](#query)
 - **Schema defined types:** [Objects](#objects), [Inputs](#inputs), [Enums](#enums) and [Scalars](#scalars)

## Query
The query root of the Choreo Insights GraphQL API.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th align="left">Field</th>
<th align="right">Argument</th>
<th align="left">Type</th>
<th align="left">Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>listAllAPI</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#api">API</a>]</td>
<td>

> Fetches all the APIs by tenant Id, environment Id and organization Id. If the optional field of provider is given,

Author: Fixed with 801c4fd

API list will be further filtered by the given provider name.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">provider</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#string">String</a></td>
<td>

> API provider name

Author: Fixed with 801c4fd

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data Filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>listApplications</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#application">Application</a>]</td>
<td>

> Fetches all the applications by tenant Id, environment Id and organization Id. If the optional field of

Author: Fixed with 801c4fd

applicationFilter is provided, application list will be further filtered by the given application filter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">applicationFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#applicationfilter">ApplicationFilter</a></td>
<td>

Application filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data Filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>listProviders</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#provider">Provider</a>]</td>
<td>

> Fetches all the API providers by tenant Id, environment Id and organization Id.

Author: Fixed with 801c4fd

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data Filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>listSubscribers</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#subscriber">Subscriber</a>]</td>
<td>

> Fetches all the API subscribers by tenant Id, environment Id and organization Id. If the optional field of

Author: Fixed with 801c4fd

subscriberFilter is provided, subscriber list will be further filtered by the given subscriber filter.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">subscriberFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#subscriberfilter">SubscriberFilter</a></td>
<td>

Subscriber filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>listEnvironments</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#environment">Environment</a>]</td>
<td>

Fetches all the environments of an organization.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">org</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#orgfilter">OrgFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Organization filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>listTenants</strong></td>
<td valign="top">[<a href="#string">String</a>]</td>
<td>

> Fetches all the tenants by environment Id and organization Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetches all the tenants with the given combination of environment ID and organization ID.
```

Author: Fixed with 801c4fd

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">tenantDataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#tenantdatafilter">TenantDataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Tenant Filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getTotalTraffic</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Returns the total traffic for a given time range and by provided tenant Id, environment Id and organization Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the total traffic during the given time range for the specified combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID.
```

Author: Fixed with 801c4fd

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">filter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getTotalErrors</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#int">Int</a></td>
<td>

> Returns the total errors for a given time range and by provided tenant Id, environment Id and organization Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the total number of errors that occurred during the given time range for the specified combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID.
```

Author: Fixed with 801c4fd

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">filter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getOverallLatency</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#float">Float</a></td>
<td>

> Returns the overall response latency(95th percentile value) for a given time range by provided tenant Id,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the overall response latency (95th percentile value) during the given time range for the specified combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID.
```

Author: Fixed with 801c4fd

environment Id and organization Id.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">filter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#timefilter">TimeFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Time filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" align="right" valign="top">dataFilter</td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#datafilter">DataFilter</a>!</td>
<td>

Data filter

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="2" valign="top"><strong>getLatencySummary</strong></td>
<td valign="top"><a href="#latencysummary">LatencySummary</a></td>
<td>

> Returns response latency value(95th percentile value) for each time interval(which is calculated according to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the response latency value (95th percentile value) for each time granularity within the specified time range for the given combination of tenant ID, environment ID, and organization ID. Optionally, you can configure the `latencySummaryFilter` parameter to further filter the results by a specific latency summary filter.
```

Author: Fixed with 801c4fd
